---
title: "2. Choosing a Backend"
author: decapcms.org
url: https://decapcms.org/docs/choosing-a-backend/
---

> Netlify offers a built-in authentication service called [Identity](https://docs.netlify.com/security/secure-access-to-sites/identity/). In order to use it, connect your site repo with Netlify. Netlify has published a general [Step-by-Step Guide](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/10/27/a-step-by-step-guide-deploying-a-static-site-or-single-page-app/) for this, along with detailed guides for many popular static site generators.


> To include the widget in your site, add the following script tag in one or two places, depending on the method you choose for user registration:


> Add the script to the `<head>` of your CMS index page at `/admin/index.html`, as well as the `<head>` of your site's main index page.


> When a user logs in with the Netlify Identity widget, an access token directs to the site homepage. In order to complete the login and get back to the CMS, redirect the user back to the `/admin/` path. To do this, add the following script before the closing `body` tag of your site's main index page:

Can't tell if I need this with Admin-only registration or not.


> If you use the invite-only registration, you don't need to add the identity widget to the index page. Instead, you can invite users from the Netlify dashboard.


> The important part is to change the URLs from `{{ siteURL }}/#...` to `{{ siteURL }}/admin/#...`. That way all links in emails will point to the CMS page, which includes the identity widget. This method is good for performance of your frontend, because it doesn't load the identity widget on the main page.

Actually, the important part is {{ .ConfirmationURL }} to {{.ConfirmationUrl}}/admin/.
This documentation is kind of bad.



